# pleurotus_mushroom
Cultivation data on Pleurotus spp. mushrooms grown indoors on substrate

Pleurotus mushrooms comprise most of the mushroom species known as oyster mushroom. In the US and Canada, they are not widely grown on a commercial scale. Most oyster mushrooms sold in the US and Canada are dried and imported from Asian countries. Fresh oyster mushrooms are often produced on a small scale and sold on a local or regional basis. Demand for fresh oyster mushrooms is relatively new, so agricultural data on this crop is sparse in the US and Canada. The market for oyster mushrooms is mature and well-developed in China, Japan, South Korea, and several other Asian nations, as oyster mushrooms are a common addition to several Asian cuisines. As a result, there is data available on large-scale commercial cultivation of this crop, but much of the information is available through research institutions in Asia. This data may use measurements and terminology unfamiliar to a small Western producer, and the studies may be in various languages. Furthermore, production methods and techniques used in Asian countries may require some flexibility and variation for Western producers. Pleurotus is an excellent decomposer and will thrive on a wide range of agricultural waste products. In Asia, it is frequently grown on rice bran, soy meal, and other crop wastes that are cheap and easily accessible. In the US and Canada, it may grow just as well on wastes from corn, cotton, wheat, or other substrates that are more economical. Thus, examining the available data will allow Western producers to make adaptations for their own regional and economic needs, perhaps starting their own experiments and studies to obtain additional data.

# Why Oyster Mushrooms?

Oyster mushrooms are an excellent source of protein and B vitamins, making them an ideal food source for vegetarians and vegans. They're also a wonderful decomposer, thriving on what would otherwise be agricultural waste. Oyster mushroom mycelium is highly aggressive, even able to break down small amounts of plastic. Because of its rapid colonization, this type of fungi has the potential to be used to create renewable sources of fabric, textiles, materials, and food. It can be produced on a small scale and, because it often makes use of waste products, can have a high profit margin; this makes it an ideal crop for beginning farmers. 

# How you can contribute

At this stage, I'm still gathering data and working to scrape and aggregate the available data. Additional contributor guidelines will be added and updated as the project progresses.
